feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/median` (#10080)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/median/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/median.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_median( alpha, beta )

> Returns the median of a Pareto (Type I) distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the median for a Pareto (Type I) distribution with parameters `alpha` (shape parameter) and `beta` (scale parameter).
```
Maybe the description could be written a bit better as suggested!!
cc:- @Planeshifter

```c
double y = stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_median( 8.0, 2.0 );
// returns ~2.181
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **alpha**: `[in] double` first shape parameter.

> -   **beta**: `[in] double` second shape parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **alpha**: `[in] double` shape parameter.
-   **beta**: `[in] double` scale parameter.
```
invalid description of the variables.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_median( const double alpha, const double beta );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/median.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double alpha;
    double beta;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
        alpha = random_uniform( 3.0, 13.0 );

>         beta = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );

Reviewer: feel free to update the documented example as well after it is done in the corresponding C file.
